Adding crosslinks for the vale test (#1622)
fluent/fluent-bit-docs: CONTRIBUTING.md

The Fluent Bit maintainers use the [Vale](https://vale.sh/docs/) plugin, which lints
pull requests and adds suggestions to improve style and clarity. Most Vale tests are
at the `suggestion` level and won't block merging.

> The following tests are at a `warning` level and will prevent merging:

Reviewer: is it a warning or an error? (genuine question, I thought only errors blocked)

Author: arg you're right

- [NonStandardQuotes](https://github.com/fluent/fluent-bit-docs/blob/master/vale-styles/FluentBit/NonStandardQuotes.yml):
  [Use standard quotes](https://developers.google.com/style/quotation-marks#straight-and-curly-quotation-marks).

>   Google docs use curly quotes. Copy and pasting from Google docs requires correcting
>   the quotes. You can [turn off smart
>   quotes](https://support.google.com/docs/thread/217182974/can-i-turn-smart-quotes-off-in-a-google-doc?hl=en).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  By default, Google Docs and Microsoft Word turn standard straight quotes into "smart"
  curly quotes. If you copy-paste from one of these tools, you must correct the quotes 
  back to straight quotes. You can also turn off smart quotes 
  in [Google Docs](https://support.google.com/docs/thread/217182974/can-i-turn-smart-quotes-off-in-a-google-doc?hl=en) 
  or [Microsoft Word](https://support.microsoft.com/en-us/office/smart-quotes-in-word-and-powerpoint-702fc92e-b723-4e3d-b2cc-71dedaf2f343)
  to prevent this problem.
```
suggestion for clarity but also I just remembered that Microsoft Word exists :P
